One of my favorite things to do is to
buy weird devices and see if I can find
vulnerabilities in them. You know,
typically embedded devices tend to have
the worst security. So, it's kind of a
fun exercise in bug hunting. Now, what I
want to show you today is the story of
how I found several egregious
vulnerabilities. And this device here on
Teimu, you know, it's kind of fun. Go on
T-Mo, you buy a $5 device and you see
what you can do. Now, I want to
highlight here uh that this not only was
$30 and now it's only $5. There's 84%
savings, but also it is the number one
bestselling item on Teimu in Wi-Fi and
networking with over a 100,000 sold. So,
from a general security of the world
perspective, not a great place to be. In
this video, we're going to go into how I
took the device apart, opened the
firmware, and found some pretty
egregious issues. And watch as my hair
grows and I change my shirt. So, when
you plug in this device and you navigate
to the IP address for that thing, you'll
see this interface. Now, a bad habit
that I typically have when I audit a new
uh weird embedded device is I typically
try to put this little oneliner in here.
And you'll see why this is bad. So, what
I'm attempting here is my assumption is
that it's a piece of trash embedded
device and they're just passing this
Wi-Fi password parameter to a system
call and they're not sanitizing the
input. A way that I can quickly validate
that without pulling any of the firmware
out of the device is by doing a reboot
command injection by putting the dollar
sign in these two brackets. It's a
command injection, which means that
it'll run an arbitrary system command if
it's vulnerable. And the system command
that I want to run is reboot. Now, what
you'll see here is I go to restart the
device, which is intentional, right?
I've set the properties of the device.
Uh, but we'll see here after a couple
refreshes that uh it does not come back
to life. What this means is I have
rebooted the device in NVRAM. I put the
password of the device in NV RAM and
then every time it tries to come back
up, it's pulling that password out from
NV RAM and triggering a vulnerability,
rebooting it. I have now soft bricked
the device. But what's good about this
actually led me to the next piece of the
puzzle, which helped me get the firmware
out of the device on accident. Now, when
I typically do this to a device, what I
like to do is go to the device and hold
the reset button. If you hold it for
long enough, what that typically does is
it tells the device, "Hey, I want to
reset to factory settings, and that will
typically erase the malicious and VRAM
that I put in there, and it should undo
the soft brick that I did." When I was
doing this myself, I held the reset
button for 60 seconds, and this popped
up. Now, you will notice that the IP
address here changed. I had to kind of
fight with it to get it to respond to
me. I had to look in Wireshark to see if
I was going to get any like random
broadcast from a new IP address. But
eventually I got to this breed web
interface that showed a fairly low-level
diagnostic of the board. It looks like
the build date and like the git commit
of the server or the software as well as
the CPU and like the firmware on the
thing. But if you do a quick little uh
Chinese to English uh translation here,
the one thing that caught my eye as a
vulnerability researcher is firmware
backup. Now to me, this meant one of two
things. Either I was able to upload new
firmware, which is good, or I was able
to download the firmware, which is even
better. And luckily, if I press the
programmer firmware button, I can
download the entire system full.bin.
You'll see I've done this other times
for previous takes of the video. Uh, but
I'm able to download the firmware for
the device, which is great. A lot of the
times that you have to do is like
desolder a chip off the board, for
example, like maybe like a a flash chip
like one of these, and then put it into
a flash reader. Maybe there's some weird
like locking going on. The ability to
just download the firmware automatically
like this is super cool. So, what we can
actually do now is go into our downloads
here. Let's go to downloads and we can
do a little bin. Binwalk uh recursive
extraction of full 2.bin.
And what we should get at a certain
level is the file system for the device.
Typically, these things contain file
system. So, if I go into extractions
here and I go to the SquashFest route,
I now have the entire file system for
the device. This is great. Now, after
resetting the device, getting it back to
its normal configuration, doing a
factory reset, I'm back into the device.
So, now the question is like, where do
we go from here? We have the firmware
over here on this tab, and I have like
the web interface on this tab. What when
we're doing research on this thing, what
do we do? Well, what I'm interested in
is vulnerabilities that arise from a
user sending data to a server somewhere
and there being a vulnerability in that
server. The server we have access to
right now is the web server. So, let's
see if we can identify maybe some
methods that we can use to trace in the
firmware where this data is processed.
Typically, I like to go to the network
tab and when I reload a page, I see like
are there any strings that pop out as
something that may be uh custom or
something that may be interesting. The
first thing you may see very obviously
pretty quickly is this post request to
this protocol.csp
fname equals net option equals wizard
config. There's a bunch of it looks like
custom stuff going to this protocol.csp
function. So what I'm going to do now is
go into the root directory and just grap
around for protocol.csp. Maybe there's a
binary name to this. And pretty quickly
we see that we have an etsy
lightyroxy.com
and we could see what's going on in
here. So, what this means is that every
request that goes to this protocol that
CSP, we go to an internal port 81.
Interesting. That's not super
interesting, though, because I don't
really know right now what binary binds
to port 81. So, let's see if there are
any other strings near that are
interesting. What about wizard comp?
Let's see if we can copy that value and
do the same kind of thing. Again, we're
literally just doing searches for
strings because the strings, we see them
in the request, so they kind of have to
exist on the system. And pretty quickly,
we see they exist in two places. one the
router.js JS which gets served to us and
we use it to talk to the device. But
more importantly this user espin commuos
little little communism reference in
there kind of interesting. Uh so what we
can do now is use this comm binary. We
can put it into a decompilation and
analysis framework and maybe find some
weird vulnerabilities. Let's go try that
out right now. And what I've done is
I've opened this com binary. The binary
literally hosts the web server on our
device. I put it into gedra. GEDra is a
reverse engineering and decompilation
and disassembly framework. So we kind of
have two main columns here if you're new
to this world. Basically here in the
middle we have the assembly, the machine
code that is being run on the device
when this binary operates. And then on
the right we have the decompilation. The
decompilation is Gedra's best guess at
what the C code looked like for the
device. I'm zoom in a little bit here to
see if I can make it bigger for you
guys. And so what we have to do now is
figure out, okay, where do these
parameters that are getting put into the
program get parsed? How do we know what
they do? And can we find maybe either
other hidden features like back doors or
vulnerabilities in this program that we
can exploit for this device? So we can
do now is go to the defined strings.
Let's just search for this wizard
string, right? And we can see pretty
quickly Gedra has found the wizard
config string right here. Now you'll
notice there is a cross reference to
this and it exists inside of what looks
like a table. This is a table because
there is a series of pointers to strings
and then after the pointer to string
there is a pointer to a function. Now it
may be the case that this is just a
lookup table. If I go to the wizard
string config right there, this wizard
config string, I'm going to run this
function. What we can do to kind of
validate this assumption is go into
Gedra's decompilation of it and then
maybe read what it does. we can read
some of the strings inside of this. We
have some function on this work mode
string, some function on this WAN mode
string, and then compare this to
reality, right? If we compare this to
the other, you know, like pieces of data
in this request, maybe we can see if
this is like what's actually going on.
So, as I was going through all of the
available options we have, all the
available commands that we have here,
this one caught my eye. So, you see this
is time config, right? This is likely
what we can use to configure the time of
the device. But if you go into here and
start to read some of the code, you may
uh if you have any experience in this
world, uh immediately see a variety of
issues. So first of all, we have this
statically defined user buffer. I'm
going to call this uh time buff for a
reason you'll see here in a second. We
take some data that likely comes out of
the time variable. You'll see we have
the time string here. We have to set
this data to be a string for it to
resolve properly. Right? we have some
function of time from param 2 which is
going to be likely our request. So if
this is the function that we use, if
this is us pulling all these little
extra pieces out of this request, right?
We have function equals get math all of
these parameters in the URL. If that is
how we assume that this is being ran, we
can assume that this is pulling the time
parameter out of the URL. And this makes
sense, right? Because the time parameter
is likely what we're going to need to
configure the time. This is the time
comp function. So I'm going to name this
time comp. And I'm going to call this
little function here uh get param.
Right? So we have get param from the
request s sprintf that into the time
buffer date s. So we're going to set the
date to our little input and then do
system command on that time buffer. Now
this is a wrapper for system. So what we
could assume is that this is going to
properly sanitize the input. But like
any good hacker, we're going to uh we're
going to test that assumption. Right? So
what we can do to test this is literally
just write the command ourselves. So
curl 192.16811.1
protocol.csp
it was um fname equals net from that
first request here and we want to do and
opt equals time comp and the time is
equal to let's just do garbage for right
now and there was some random math
variable that maybe like their bad
attempt at a CSRF or like a seed. So
we're just going to steal that for right
now. And then the function is equal to
it was get, right? I did some more
reading and there's actually it does a
compare on get or set and it's going to
return that. And we have to actually be
doing a set operation to get into this
function. Right? So what we can do is do
set for this. I'm going to wrap this in
a single quote because I want to do a
command injection at some point and I
don't want to command inject myself. And
you'll see that it says set error equal
to zero which means that we set them the
the date equal to asf asf. What we can
do now is actually test does our command
injection work? Do we have the ability
to run arbitrary commands through just
the use of a simple reboot? And you'll
see first it says error zero and the
second time the command hangs because
the device has rebooted. Right? We have
turned the device on and off and now we
can no longer connect to the device. So
we can run arbitrary commands on this
device. But but that's not cool. That's
not cool enough. We want to get a shell
on this device. I want to have access to
this device via the command line. So
what can we do? So going back to our um
our firmware image here, we can see all
of the binaries that are on the device.
And you'll see pretty quickly that we
have the lovely tnetd. So user espin tn
netd is a binary that we can use to
basically run any other binary on any
other port, right? Assuming there are no
firewall rules in place. And so what we
can do to uh mess with that guy is first
of all I got to reset my network
interface. And then now we can update
our our exploit to actually set up the
right thing. So what I want to do is
user sbin tn netd. So first of all we're
putting this IFS separator to to emulate
a space on the device cuz sometimes uh
in HTTP the spaces will get escaped
weirdly. We want to do -ps on port 444.
And then we want to set the um the login
binary to be uh bin ash I believe is the
the shell that we have. So now if I do
netcat 192168
uh 1114444
I don't have a shell. Okay, let's try
again. Hold on. Before we do that
though, I want to get a little more
insight into what's actually going on in
the device. Like what is what is the
process list? What does the environment
look like? Luckily, we have command
execution on the device and we can run
those commands. There's just nowhere to
really put that data. Well, sort of. If
we actually go to the uh the file system
here, we're going to go to the config
file for Etsy lighty and we're going to
cat the lighty config. You'll see that
we're actually serving data from the
webs directory for this device. Well,
there actually there are two instances
running of this. But you'll see that we
have one of them is a writable folder
that's called /webs. Let's see if I can
find it here. Do this and then grab
webs. So server document route for this
instance of lighty is called /webs. What
we can actually do now is run this cute
little thing where we do ps and we just
take the process list and write it to
web/he hehe and because that's the
document route for our server now we can
just curl he he and bada bing bada boom
we get the process list so we can see a
bunch of stuff going on we can see that
we have the lighty running with that
instance of the config that gives us
access to the webs folder we have a drop
bear server we have tnet running what I
want to run though is my own version of
the tnet server. I want to get in there
and I want to, you know, run my Tnet
server to give me a shell on device.
Now, after a while, I was messing with
this curl command that uses the command
injection to run TNETD. And with TNETD,
you can specify a port number and a
login program to use in place of bin
login. And if you can just set binsh,
you can use that as basically a bind
shell. Now, the problem is I had a
couple issues where it would run, but it
didn't actually run the command. And I
think something is either wrong with
TNETD where it doesn't allow for IFS or
there's some issue with this. But what I
did find after a little bit of searching
is a nice little program on the device
that's called /webs/cgibin/upload.cgi,
which is what you're using to actually
upload a temporary piece of firmware
before you do a firmware update on the
device. The reason I know this is by
doing a simple strings on the device or
on the upload.ci, CGI. You'll see that
it writes the file out to temp temp
firmware. And so you can actually use uh
curl to do a file upload using the exact
process they use this multi-art form
data by doing file equals at and then
the name of the file. Right? So you can
literally do that and point it to that
URL. And in doing that you will get
upload.cgi to ingest the script and put
it on temp firmware. And what you can
actually see here is if we do a uh ls of
um of temp and we get hehei, you will
see that this temp firmware file
actually exists now. It's now on the
device, which is crazy. So now all we
have to do is do a little bit of a a
commod plus x to make the file
executable. We will commod plus exit and
we'll do just the temp firmware run.
We're going to run the temp firmware
file which has a script. Oh, I didn't
show you the script. Uh yeah, the script
that I wrote uh by the way is uh
scripts.sh, which literally just enables
a telnet D server as I want it to run,
right? So it runs a script as bin ash
and it runs user spin tnet d b b b b b b
b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b
b b b b b b b b b b b b b bin aash port
4444. And you can see this all works
together. If we simply just go here and
do a little netcat 192.16811 4444, bada
bing, bada boom, we're root, baby. This
is VR, guys. This is the world of
acquiring weird little devices off of
Teimu, taking them apart and seeing what
issues we can find. Let's talk
responsible disclosure, right? I have
tried very hard to identify what company
makes this device. I cannot ID one. So,
this is a bug that I could not find
anyone to tell about. So, now I'm
telling you guys. Okay, awesome. All
right, guys. If you enjoyed this, do me
a favor. Go check out Stack Smash. It's
my community where I teach people how to
do stuff like this to not only figure
out how to hack, how to make the world a
safer place, but software security. And
if you like this channel, then hit hit
that sub button over there. It's right
it's down there somewhere. Uh we'll see
you in the next one. Take care. Goodbye.